It's time to talk about some of
the applications that you might be able to
hopefully, eventually, do.
Yeah, that's the goal of this, is to set
a foundation for you on which to build on.
We wanted to talk to you a little bit
about some of these cool things that we
found on the internet,
as well as just brainstorm some
stuff that you can do with SimpleCV and
OpenCV.
Just computer vision,
in general, for future projects.
We want you to remember at least,
don't reinvent the wheel,
we have these libraries available to you.
I believe Randy's going
to provide them for you.
>> Yeah.
>> At least a method to retrieve them.
We'll go through a setup later on in
the next lesson, I believe.
>> Absolutely.
Randy, what are some cool things that
you could do with computer vision?
>> We mentioned before,
you can do things like setting up facial
recognition, that would be pretty cool.
We'll help you guys set that up.
Create things such as filters
to maybe edit colors or
change the brightness, a lot of things
that modern day cameras can do or
applications such as Snapchat or
Instagram.
>> We thought of a really cool
application, I mean feel free to use it
everyone out there but
taking in one of our sensors that
we used in, I think, course three,
along with maybe a stepper motor that you
learned how to use in course three,
and a camera with facial recognition.
You show up to your door and
the PIR sensor or
some sensor triggers, then the camera
takes a picture of your face.
Does the camera recognize your face or
does it not recognize your face?
if it recognizes your face,
the stepper motor triggers, opens up
your deadbolt, you're in the door.
If it doesn't recognize your face,
it takes the picture, sends it to Randy's
cell phone, and warns him that someone's
at his door that he doesn't want there.
So, a really cool application that
takes in almost every single course
that we've done so
far in the specialization.
You got the connectivity to the WiFi,
Bluetooth, sending images across
networks with the internet.
>> The step promoter
>> Step promoter.
>> GPIL control.
>> GPIL control in general,
I know we're going to be coming
out with some I2C sensors soon and
you will actually also have access to
really cool sensory board on 96boards.org.
You check that out too,
it's coming out for the Dragon Board 410C.
Yeah, so
really cool stuff that you can do.
That's just one example,
we will be talking about more right now.
What other things can you do or
create with Fast CV or CV, in general?
>> This robot, I don't know if you've seen
it on the internet, it's pretty creepy,
actually, it's pretty creepy how it works.
It's almost like a walking cow,
but I mean, I've seen people kick it,
I've seen people try.
>> What?
>> Have you seen that robot yet?
>> No, I have not.
>> Man.
>> This is interesting.
I'm learning here.
>> Yeah, it's great.
These people built this robot,
Boston Dynamics.
In fact, they have a lot of cool
robots that Boston Dynamics built.
They got a huge fund from DARPA
to continue building this robot,
making it better and
it's all computer vision.
Designed originally to help
soldiers out in the field transport
medical supplies, extra rations,
food, ammunition.
>> A bunch of gear that's heavy.
>> Yeah, a bunch of gear that's heavy,
absolutely, and it's all terrain.
It's crazy.
Look it up online.
Look up Boston Dynamics on the YouTube,
Boston Dynamics Robots.
Really cool robots that they make.
This one's really creepy because you just
can't knock it over, on ice, on sand,
dirt, whatever.
Here's another cool thing and
these are becoming more and
more prominent,
if that's the word, in households.
Automated robots that kind
of represent humanoids, so
I guess you can call them
semi-humanoid robots.
You're going to start seeing
stuff like this more and
more as we dive more
into computer vision and
robotics and these microcontrollers and
system on chip computers.
Everything's getting more and
more powerful, and
you're going to start seeing interactive
robots like this one, right here.
Imagine going to a nursing home and
no one there is ever lonely
because they each have their own robot to
talk to and play chess with and whatever.
Not only that,
I've seen some really cool stuff
just recently at
the AT&T Developer Summit.
There was an application that someone
developed for people with Alzheimer's, and
as you can see right there, reminders,
suggestions, prompts, scheduling,
if you have any of these issues or
disorders.
The things that we take for
granted everyday can be easily shown or
done or I guess, what, taught to a robot,
programmed into a robot.
You'll start seeing these
things pop up more and more and
hopefully, you all out there are the ones
who are kind of fueling this movement.
This one was interesting,
I picked this also off the internet.
But these are unmanned jellyfish
elimination robots and
they're called called Jellyfish
Elimination Robotic Swarms, JEROS.
>> JEROS, however they pronounce it but
they float in the ocean,
they are there to manage
jellyfish overpopulation.
Now, I guess they drop some nets in there.
First, obviously, they float around
when they detect the movement.
The camera detects a movement.
It hopefully sees that it's a jellyfish,
so there's some computer
vision program in there that
detects that it's a jellyfish.
It drops a net, and
then the net pulls the jellyfish up, and
then there's some propeller
that just obliterates it.
>> Yeah.
>> So that's how it does it.
Yeah, I mean, there you go,
more ways to use motion sensors,
computer vision and motors.
>> These are just a couple
of suggestions or ideas or
real world applications out there and
don't forget you can, of course,
come up with your own ideas, go ahead and
try to implement them, things like that.
>> Yeah, so, there you go,
those were some examples.
There's hundreds, thousands,
probably, examples out there.
You can go ahead and search for
more computer vision cool
projects that people have done.
Or maybe you have one in mind and
you want to amaze us on the discussions.
Go ahead, show us what you got.
Other than that,
please stick around because we're going to
be getting into the development of
our application, coming up shortly.